Replacing Gulp with NPM scripts (#18)
accessdigital/wilson: themes/wilson_theme_starterkit/README.md

## Usage of this theme

The `node_modules` and `dist` (consisting of `css` and `js`) folders are Git ignored in this theme and must be built using `npm` commands as below.

Run the following steps:

- Run `npm install` in the wilson_theme_starterkit directory.

> - Run `npm run build` in the wilson_theme_starterkit directory to get the up-to-date CSS file.

Author: @iamsophiesk ah yes, good spot. Resolved 👍

The following commands are available:

### Compile theme
```bash
npm run build
```

This command will run the following scripts:
- `build:styles` (lints and compiles CSS)
- `build:scripts` (lints and compiles JS)

### Compile theme (production-ready)

In addition to the default build script, a production version is also available:

```bash
npm run build:dist
```

This runs the same `build:styles` and `build:scripts` scripts in `npm run build`, but also sets the `NODE_ENV=production` and `BABEL_ENV=production` variables. These get used to minify CSS and JS as well as [purging Tailwind](#tailwind-purging) of unused classes. Ideally `npm run build:dist` should be run via CI to ensure released code is always optimised for production.

### Compile CSS
```bash
npm run build:styles
```

This command will run the following scripts:
- `stylelint`
  - checks code in SCSS files against a set of rules defined in`.stylelintrc` 
- `sass`
  - compiles SCSS files from `src/sass` into CSS files in `dist`
  - any SCSS files prefixed with an `_` will get compiled into a main `styles.css`

>   - any SCSS files without a prefix (e.g. component files) will compiled into seperate css files so they can be included as Drupal libraries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - any SCSS files without a prefix (e.g. component files) will get compiled into separate css files so they can be included as Drupal libraries
```

Author: Thanks @mangyfox - resolved 👍
